[Scene Opens]
"If there is a forest…"
"Lion, tiger, leopard... will prowl to hunt for their prey."
"The deer will run for its life."
"But if the sun sets by then…"
"The animal which will survive to watch a new dawn, only nature decides."
"But in this jungle, when, where, and who will watch the daybreak, won't be decided by nature—it's ME."
"Rules and regulations don't apply to us. If you follow them, they will be broken."
"To reveal the face of a masked man, only another mysterious masked man can do so."
"If I get my 'stuff' in my hands, I don't have to be under the mercy of your Govt—I can form my own Govt."
[Yov! What is the difference between terrorists and you?]
"One man's revolution is another man's terrorism."
[Sir, if Sandhanam's men encircle us and we are trapped, what do we do?]
"Do you know the word brave men utter at times like this? We'll see."
[Music starts]
"The eagle is coming, you better start running. His blood is rushing, stunning and gunning."
"HEY!"
'VIKRAM'
"Once upon a time, there lived a ghost..."
[Vikram Chanting]
'VIKRAAAAAAM!'
'VIKRAM'